Xpra data studio image skeleton (#123)
seqeralabs/docs: platform_versioned_docs/version-24.1.1/data/data-studios.mdx

The default user is the `root` account. To install extensions, select **Extensions**. Additional system-level packages can be installed in a terminal window using `apt install <packagename>`.

**Xpra**

> The default user is the `root` account. The image is based on ubuntu:jammy. Additional system-level packages can be installed in a terminal window using `apt install <packagename>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Xpra](https://github.com/Xpra-org/xpra), known as "screen for X", allows you to run X11 programs by giving you remote access to individual graphical applications. The container template image also installs Nvidia Linux X64 (AMD64/EM64T) drivers for Ubuntu 22.04 for running GPU-enabled applications. To take advantage of these GPU drivers, ensure the compute environment used specifies GPU instance families.

The default user is the `root` account. The image is based on ubuntu:jammy. Additional system-level packages can be installed in a terminal window using `apt install <packagename>`. 
```

The default user is the `root` account. To install extensions, select **Extensions**. Additional system-level packages can be installed in a terminal window using `apt install <packagename>`.

**Xpra**

> [Xpra](https://github.com/Xpra-org/xpra), known as _screen for X_, allows you to run X11 programs by giving you remote access to individual graphical applications. The container template image also installs Nvidia Linux x64 (AMD64/EM64T) drivers for Ubuntu 22.04 for running GPU-enabled applications. To use these GPU drivers, ensure the compute environment used specifies GPU instance families.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Xpra](https://github.com/Xpra-org/xpra), known as _screen for X_, allows you to run X11 programs by giving you remote access to individual graphical applications. The container template image also installs NVIDIA Linux x64 (AMD64/EM64T) drivers for Ubuntu 22.04 for running GPU-enabled applications. To use these GPU drivers, make sure that your compute environment specifies GPU instance families.
```
